### analysis_pcap_tcp.py

##### Imports
In this .py file, the dpkt, sys, math, and datetime libraries were the main libraries imported and used. The dpkt library was imported to parse the .pcap file. The sys library was used to parse the arguments for the fileName in the command line. The datetime library was imported in order to use it to convert times. Please make sure you have the dpkt library installed, or install using pip install dpkt.

##### Usage
In order to run this program. you should run python analysis_pcap_tcp.py [fileName] with the fileName as an optioinal argument. Should you not type a fileName, the default fileName assumed is assignment2.pcap. The usage message that will appear should you not use the optional argument is 'usage: analysis_pcap_tcp.py [fileName.pcap]\nIf fileName.pcap is not specified, assignment2.pcap default.'

##### Functionality
This program can print out the number of packets, ip packets, and tcp packets found in the given .pcap file. This python program will also print out the multiple TCP flows, the window scale for the TCP flow, the first 2 transactions of each flow with it's sequence number, ack number, receive window size, calculated window size (the window size scaled by the window scale set in the 3-way handshake), and the EpochTime. It can also successfully print out the total data sent by the designated sender, '130.245.145.12', to the receiver, '128.208.2.198'. Using the total data sent and the time delta between the first SYN and last FIN of each flow, the sender throughput was also calculated and displayed with different units such as bits/s, bytes/s, and bytes/ms in that order for each TCP flow. I have listed bits/s first because I believe that is the most commonly used unit for throughput. It will also print out the first 3 congestion window sizes. It will also print the number of times a retransmission occurred due to a triple duplicate ack and timeout. albeit it seems that the result for flow 2 in the given assignment2.pcap seems to differ a little from other people's results for the number of triple duplicate acks and timeouts by a miniscule amount.

##### Explanation
The source port, source IP address, destination port, and destination IP address were parsed from the .pcap file using the ethernet and tcp modules inside the dpkt library. The first two transactions were taken by looking at the first few packets after the TCP flow was established. The sender throughput was calculated by summing the length of all the tcp packets (including the headers) and dividing by the time between the first SYN and the last FIN of the TCP flow. The congestion window sizes were estimated after getting an estimate of the RTT which was estimated by looking at the time for the first SYN and first ACK from the 3-way handshake and seeing the time between them since they are considered smaller packets. The number of times a retransmission occurred because of triple duplicate ack and timeout were estimated by attempting to look at at the cwnd and the number of fast retransmissions. If there was a fast retrasmission, a triple duplicate ack likely happened. Also, if cwnd drops about half, then a triple-duplicate ack likely occurred while if cwnd drops to 1, a timeout loss likely occurred. 